Update Descriptions and examples (#1)
Vanilla-OS/ABRoot: README.md

### Help
```
abroot [options] [command]

Options:
	--help/-h		show this message
	--verbose/-v		show more verbosity
	--version/-V		show version

Commands:

> 	_update-boot		update the boot partition (only for advanced users)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	_update-boot		update the boot partition (for advanced users only)
```

> 	get			get and display the present or future root partition state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	get			outputs the present or future root partition state
```
